Docs: Add source code links to OpenVINO Samples (#11803)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: samples/python/hello_reshape_ssd/README.md

# Hello Reshape SSD Python* Sample {#openvino_inference_engine_ie_bridges_python_sample_hello_reshape_ssd_README}

This sample demonstrates how to do synchronous inference of object detection models using [Shape Inference feature](../../../docs/OV_Runtime_UG/ShapeInference.md).  

> Models with only 1 input and output are supported. The source code for this example is also available [on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/samples/python/hello_reshape_ssd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models with only one input and output are supported. Source code for this example is also available [on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/samples/python/hello_reshape_ssd).
```
